docs(README.md): Add documentation about usage of explanation comments for directives (#624)
SAP/ui5-linter: README.md

* `<!-- ui5lint-disable no-deprecated-api -->`
* `<!-- ui5lint-disable-next-line -->`
* `<Text tap=".onTap"/> <!-- ui5lint-disable-line no-deprecated-api -->`

> Note that in XML and HTML files, depending on your browser runtime, the use of double-hyphen `--` is usually not allowed, making it impossible to add explanations as part of the directive. Please use a separate comment statement in the same line of code for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In XML and HTML files, depending on your browser runtime, the use of a double-hyphen `--` is usually not allowed, making it impossible to append an explanation to your directive in the same way as shown above for JavaScript / TypeScript files. You need to insert a separate comment statement in the same line of code for this purpose:
```

* `<!-- ui5lint-disable no-deprecated-api -->`
* `<!-- ui5lint-disable-next-line -->`

Note that in XML and HTML files, depending on your browser runtime, the use of double-hyphen `--` is usually not allowed, making it impossible to add explanations as part of the directive. Please use a separate comment statement in the same line of code for this purpose.

* `<!-- ui5lint-disable-next-line no-deprecated-api --> <!-- explanation -->`

Also, since comments can't be placed inside XML and HTML tags, you might need to use `ui5lint-disable` and `ui5lint-enable` directives outside of the tags instead of `ui5lint-disable-line` or `ui5lint-disable-next-line`.

> * `<Text tap=".onTap"/> <!-- ui5lint-disable-line no-deprecated-api -->`

Reviewer 2: I think this example doesn't go well with the statement right before it, saying you should use `ui5lint-disable` instead of `ui5lint-disable-line`. Maybe move this example up to the first list of XML/HTML examples?

Author: `you might need to use` is not `you should use` :-D But yes, you are right. I'll move it to the top.

Author: Done
